Hi everybody.
Welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to be discussing variables.
So what exactly is a variable.
A variable is a name that represents or refers to a value.
So a simple example is name equals or whatever your name is.
In this case Tony for myself.
So now we just create a variable called name and we've and we've assigned that variable value Tony.
And let's change the example by typing the following first name equals the last name.
Equals.
And you can do the same for your name.
So you can change the value of a variable at any time a pilot will always keep track slightly.
So here's some pointers when you're naming your variables variable names consist of letters numbers
and underscores.
They can start with a letter or an underscore but not a number.
So for example the variable name Name one is valid but the name one name is not valid.
You cannot start a variable names with a number.
Variable names cannot contain spaces.
So use underscores to separate words of ideas on these two variable names above.
And always remember to keep your variable names short on script.
Now that we know what a variable is and has assign a value to it.
How do we see what we've done.
So how do we get our first name and last name variables out onto our screen.
Well to do that we add the following lines.
Print which outputs to your screen enter in the variable name first name.
Print last name and your variable name.
Once you have data on if you're using sublime like I am in a Mac you can press control and be that ruins
your program and as you can see down on the bottom left we have totally stoned on the amount of time
it took to run that program.
That's a simple introduction to variables.
Now it's time to try it yourself and your code editor of choice.
Create a program.
We just signed your first and last name to a variable then add the print statement with the values of
your versions.
Hopefully you can get that working.
Any questions please do not hesitate to ask and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Thank you.